[Music]
every good attack always excited to
you
tuta the balconies at all as I said in
top with pencil if you have not seen
along with the apartment I'm living in
now it is, and a lot of people got mad under
the balcony liked the space
many people will do the family shows
better show more details our best
It's the same space that we have here for us.
have notion that I did that more time
Quick, then I'll show you a little
more to you and I want to record the
recording these scenes these images
all because I want to do the before and
after receiving an idea the voter
call raffaele and she so what she
think of changing completely that when
I was released because I told you that I
wanted to put that table is a table
more relaxed with only files courses
so some also know how to do is the room
and she 's there in that space.
here all they have if you still have not seen
by bp
You watch, you'll understand or say.
that after this video here the
balcony is from here to there and she gave me the
idea to put the dining table that
out in that clear covered part and she says
cause a monster so neither is chic
very simple but relaxed and I
I was wondering why she said that
profit health is more yes only
Like a couch the tv knows I wanted to.
we were already half way and still spoke more
provocation does these things in part does not
covered that there are already materials
made to be exposed to the sun or
rain then I stayed my god now
idea of ​​her and play and do so but I
I 'm not sure, so this is us.
come on leave to talk to you want
see the shark so let's wash the
balcony before after with dune decorate
everything on display was but let's see how she
It's empty and I was looking here
I was washing now but it's ok , too.
clean than the first time I showed it
It's all for you.
work that part in the time account of the
rain because it was washing even
so come to know orange
[Music]
we are here in the complete area that the
I want to put even told you
At the beginning of the video I got the idea of
my reader rafael she got me goose already
I'm sorry I missed you.
smaller than this idea is not here
leave the living room to spacious only
I'll always see you here just to eat and
still no dinner for friends to
Family mother and even in the kitchen
people start with sun and rodrigo earth
Even though the girl cooks here and I want to
play
so here in this covered phase should
do everything right now to
dinner dresser and rodrigo fish oil
and he wants to put an aquarium as well
Beautiful, very beautiful, and I'm going to sit down.
around here or in there myself
I think it's so low that the United States
Son with me I like clear clear well taken care of
well full of researches then finding
Beautiful, the doctor will do everything and show
for you only that the whole process is
called emperor was delayed and
showing every thing to you
The first day I want to who I like
For you, this is our fourth term in office.
own make popular but now is a
filming everything goes to compare
was bidding things is nice to see
the space I enjoyed that is good then
covered area is if you think of the idea
cine10 same exchange does so leaves the
comments I adored him
I have not bought anything here yet. I love the
law 10 you're out of life I think
which is more not always in my heart
battle g is not affectionate taboo cury and
another with a curtain and we have only used
cool lime frozen bee eating yes
to leave all the time I know the ride but the
tower was nothing to do and all
show you
Now, let's go to AAC.
preservation of the space it has here as
keychain so you can see table
come people of good management correct this
So talk to her now and confess to
your profession up to here
here is to fast in part do not confess
which is also very spacious so it gives
To put on is the sofa.
I still do not know if I want to be like this anymore.
I'd like something else that I'm kind of
so put furniture out here that the
staff sometimes plays chewing gum and there
cigarette so this part here is cool
to invite my family friends with
Fine rain that has here so I liked it
much of the apartment space so
He ranked if love has this
space is also good for him to run
My dog ​​loves it and that's how it is.
Here I think I 'll put it like this.
some only favored putting the table there
but I do not know yet I want to do a lot of
my garden is come home to a photo there for
You see the inspiration I got
on the internet that I want to make a
glass business so with thrush greenhouses
I want everyone so plants
my own things to start
to plant strawberry I'm very excited
to do these things and I want to do
on here
here out of our part not really
It will look beautiful It has several inspirations 5
already the colored ones and put them only then I am
Super excited
just for you, you promised to show everything
that I buy treatment and the two
first furniture two stools people
I think it's cute and I think it combines
with that outside the house
But he's using it in the kitchen to
drink your things and is then accepted
I hope you have seen if a
little of my balcony is quite big is
well cool here well this well ventilated and
Rain is also raining now but we're
I hope that if I liked you
Do you like this video? You want to see the
Before and after you click I did not like the
recorded content showing the environment
rural and it's for you know then click
I did not like it, it's very flicky here.
down
Kiss and we see in the next video bye